I was not interested in worldly rights.
Your Holiness, listen to me
The Venerables of the Temple of Heaven once left a legacy
Temple of God
Only the agent of the Venerable Qilin can go to glory
Now the four-nation coalition has invaded
My temple is losing ground
Lord Shezun
Only you hold the power
The safety of his parents?
His Holiness
For the sake of billions of innocent people
Please accept the order
For the sake of the world
I'll make an exception
I have seen the Venerable
That's impossible.
That's not possible.
The Xiao family obeyed the order
The Xiao family officially advised Lord Zhou Xuan
To our country
Enjoy all the resources of the Xiao family
Generations
Everyone in the Xiao family understood